known published made interviewed written
known met celebrities named seen
known found seen chosen called
known called named chosen found
reported called died received said
reported suffered killed committed attacked
killed murdered committed taken served
died killed taken done served
become taken done received made
stood received used taken chosen
seen eaten known found taken
seen . observed known found
met asked chosen forgotten hired
served met asked chosen ever
become known ever called named
worked appointed hired left called
found called named known visited
seen found observed discovered known
appointed chosen named hired selected
chosen filed requested announced named
seen named called chosen known
. named known seen met
chosen become seen known named
taken chosen photographed seen captured
found entered called taken stolen
stolen found taken seen identified
chosen served appointed asked ever
appointed chosen served named become
visited called known seen mentioned
mentioned seen said called known
become chosen named helped worked
brought received sent left given
seen reported said died .
named seen found called taken
seen met performed chosen selected
seen looked noticed met heard
booked seen invited visited requested
booked requested visited taken arrived
seen saw photographed found .
taken seen captured photographed chosen
used chosen seen hired known
chosen become played named met
found known discovered seen suspected
found two got identified together
forgotten chosen known served taken
guard taken . placed kept
known identified met called found
known called heard met identified
seen found called ever .
chosen become named called met
chosen judge selected received entered
chosen selected asked entered named
chosen become taken adopted .
daughter chosen . adopted taken
arrested taken met identified called
taken arrested found identified killed
chosen named become met played
known become done pirate taken
known chosen killed named found
known chosen named called served
seen observed noticed heard .
seen observed watched shown .
known done become seen chosen
become chosen known named called
known killed found chosen identified
identified found known called seen
appointed served elected chosen named
appointed given chosen served included
called chosen visited named met
seen found chosen listed identified
served known . called chosen
served used available . sent
met found confirmed taken worked
confirmed found arrested said received
worked called identified known met
suspected found identified seen made
observed seen used chosen found
seen observed encountered heard chosen
. found seen called named
. called named found visited
chosen identified selected worked created
chosen used created taken developed
slave used . invented made
become made ever created invented
. chosen known named produced
. seen , known found
dragon called . known created
named become known called chosen
