met visited contacted called interviewed
interviewed visited contacted read met
seen mentioned described said named
been killed visited said murdered
called requested seen been contacted
treated seen found reached helped
hired used killed chosen ordered
targeted killed murdered assassinated shot
faced killed attacked hit defeated
attacked hit been struck targeted
killed attacked targeted taken eaten
killed encountered seen eaten escaped
requested ordered asked chosen wanted
served helped called brought left
met visited served married called
hired employed chosen . used
seen visited met encountered contacted
killed seen studied named identified
contacted chosen used requested been
chosen selected rejected approved picked
brought chosen picked called sent
. brought called made left
shot photographed captured snapped caught
used hired chosen met taken
seen called identified described encountered
entered robbed targeted called visited
. chosen hired ordered employed
served killed met offended murdered
been . bitten seen killed
seen . killed captured named
approached contacted visited chosen found
helped forgotten supported chosen abandoned
seen killed named shot described
attacked eaten chased killed approached
chosen seen selected identified recognized
attracted approached . seen noticed
received served admitted seen accepted
used chosen visited requested preferred
captured shot taken photographed snapped
followed chosen seen targeted attacked
visited used called consulted seen
seen been mentioned asked identified
seen named described met contacted
targeted killed been murdered kidnapped
killed shot taken identified called
killed attacked murdered escaped stabbed
killed seen feared known been
killed targeted threatened murdered attacked
killed been seen brought named
killed attacked murdered been shot
asked faced seen chosen requested
chosen selected picked eliminated said
. , : been and
. , : and been
attacked killed shot stabbed bitten
shot apprehended arrested killed captured
killed murdered kidnapped wanted chosen
played been become portrayed killed
killed shot called murdered seen
killed murdered called told named
seen liked watched chosen preferred
attracted . entertained impressed drawn
chosen been mentioned seen played
insulted mentioned played offended mocked
seen encountered bitten escaped attacked
killed taken shot targeted attacked
met advised served supported recommended
. hired : chosen appointed
approached been attacked bitten alerted
. asked seen said named
killed captured murdered seen attacked
killed sent . captured left
seen visited contacted consulted met
identified named recommended interviewed examined
killed called seen attacked targeted
identified named arrested killed detained
been asked requested . called
been not left stopped called
. : killed ... !
. been called visited :
represented favored admired studied been
used chosen selected painted purchased
. killed : ? left
. : been ? ...
been . come from gone
. : sold purchased ,
killed defeated captured fought slain
killed chosen eaten attacked followed
