interviewed met worked hired written
interviewed photographed covered met interview
seen killed said summon called
come seen visited killed haunt
seen received called attended used
treated attended reached arrived found
killed executed chosen appointed hired
killed murdered shot targeted executed
defeated attacked encountered taken hit
attacked chosen used hit targeted
killed eaten taken attacked already
encountered killed eaten . faced
ordered asked chosen served requested
served service . seen taken
worked hired met married chosen
hired chosen employed appointed selected
met come seen killed encountered
seen observed killed caught identified
chosen applied submitted selected appointed
selected chosen hired approved appointed
chosen brought picked made invited
made chosen brought picked .
photographed taken shot captured snappe
hired used photographed worked taken
reported hired called sold arrested
gone targeted taken purchased stolen
appointed chosen hired employed asked
served cooked come worked asked
come met visited seen gone
seen named killed taken found
chosen come given named become
helped given sent sponsored donated
seen caught met named brought
eaten seen caught met killed
seen watched noticed dance chosen
drawn . caught seen noticed
received served entertained booked seen
booked used chosen visited met
captured taken photographed shot caught
photographed taken seen come captured
used hired worked seen chosen
worked played dressed appeared seen
ab taken met married gone
ab taken kid killed targeted
taken sent seen given released
assigned . gone seen served
killed shot seen murdered arrested
killed targeted murdered shot hit
killed turned chosen become seen
killed chosen murdered attacked eaten
chosen appeared met faced gone
chosen selected picked decided given
taken chosen adopted gone .
. adopted taken ? ,
met fled approached gone sought
arrested caught captured killed found
chosen hired used met brought
killed become played come met
seen picked chosen . killed
chosen picked seen worked asked
seen liked chosen enjoyed watched
reached . , seen drawn
chosen hired brought selected seen
come played met made performed
killed come attacked taken eaten
killed targeted taken shot attacked
chosen recommended selected advised picked
appointed chosen hired selected picked
come passed seen gone crossed
brought . bought taken given
chosen served gone . killed
killed sent command ordered .
seen used hired employed worked
seen identified worked assessed examined
gone met seen called arrested
picked arrested identified selected chosen
taken chosen used board booked
taken picked carried selected booked
. , : picked brought
. lived come visited ,
come drawn worked appeared created
chosen used selected adopted created
hired sent chosen taken given
served worked come . gone
come crossed came gone produced
produced raised given purchased brought
killed defeated saved captured encountered
killed chosen come become named
