interviewed visited met . read
interviewed met covered quoted visited
seen encountered met visited described
visited killed become seen followed
received seen used called .
treated seen helped transported attended
killed chosen hired encountered .
killed targeted murdered attacked served
defeated faced struck engaged killed
attacked struck targeted hit injured
killed attacked eaten targeted consumed
avoided encountered faced . survived
. ordered requested hired chosen
served . helped forgotten assisted
married worked met served killed
hired employed chosen . fired
attacked killed eaten seen visited
captured seen killed caught shot
chosen . selected requested received
selected chosen . accepted approved
chosen selected picked hired .
. brought made chosen invited
shot photographed captured met taken
chosen used hired selected seen
killed seen shot encountered caught
targeted hit struck visited attacked
chosen hired used . employed
served married become killed met
attacked killed eaten seen met
captured seen named killed raised
met chosen visited encountered named
helped sponsored supported chosen funded
seen killed encountered caught captured
attacked killed eaten targeted taken
chosen seen selected enjoyed liked
touched approached targeted missed chosen
received served . seen treated
met chosen visited used selected
captured shot caught photographed taken
attacked targeted chosen approached hit
used visited seen . chosen
cut treated seen served dressed
encountered . met seen experienced
targeted chosen attacked killed selected
killed seen visited touched shot
. seen become killed served
killed known encountered shot seen
killed targeted murdered shot hit
killed become captured seen shot
killed attacked captured murdered eaten
chosen selected met missed impressed
chosen selected picked eliminated rejected
. married chosen met adopted
. adopted married raised chosen
shot killed attacked targeted murdered
captured arrested shot killed caught
killed targeted attacked captured chosen
become met married chosen killed
killed attacked shot seen hit
killed seen shot hit met
chosen seen liked enjoyed selected
entertained impressed reached captured engaged
seen become met chosen hired
played killed married become met
attacked killed shot eaten seen
killed shot taken captured stolen
chosen selected recommended picked met
chosen selected hired appointed picked
served killed attacked visited hit
chosen purchased . bought selected
killed attacked followed met served
. sent killed hired ordered
seen used . visited hired
treated seen worked helped evaluated
killed attacked shot hit murdered
killed captured . seen chosen
. chosen hired used selected
. selected chosen picked missed
. seen bought named purchased
visited attacked seen killed hit
become represented inspired painted .
used chosen adopted created selected
. chosen hired bought purchased
. served ? left !
come . purchased seen visited
produced sold purchased raised bought
killed defeated captured encountered faced
attacked killed become eaten seen
